So
one final tip regarding Facebook paid adverts is that when you create your app, you can put the Facebook
SDK which is a library from Facebook into your app. And you can set it up such that every single time
somebody downloads your app, Facebook will register which of their users have downloaded your app.
And then when you go into the Facebook Advertising Manager, It gives you the option of serving your ads
up to a lookalike audience to the ones who have already downloaded your app.
So there'll be people who are similar in terms of demographics, so gender or age or whatever are the
features that Facebook has identified.
And it basically finds a lookalike audience who have a much higher rate downloading and installing your
app because it's modeled on people who have already downloaded your app.
So check out Facebook lookalike audiences once you decide to go down the Facebook ad route.